# Notes

## Agenda

- ice breaker
- reviewing git setup locally for pulling and pushing code
- Best practice for making feature branches
- Covering how to split up a screen into components
- talking through our cadence for development
- Picking 1-2 tasks for each developer

## Notes on Discussion

Talked through Will's dashboard project.

Talked through receiving data from database; potentially looking at what was in the database and re-writing that into files. Ahmed and Will would be open to copying over the data manually if it would be a possibility.

**Developer Agreements**:

- we'll let people know what we're working on in the Dev slack channel.

## To Do

- Aaron: reach out to Muhammad for a database extract.
- Ahmed: working on logo component for login screen
- Will: working on Google auth button

Work in no-ticket/layout-outline to merge in login page.

**NOTE**: we need to let each other know when we've installed new packages to make sure we work with the most updated package library.
